---
layout: post
title:  "100 Days of Code - Round 1 - Day 20"
date:   2017-11-02 07:30:00 -0600
categories: 100DaysOfCode GoogleCloud
---

The last several days have been very frustrating as I try to follow [this tutorial][1] to run Django on Google App Engine. I was doing just fine until I got to the steps to create a Cloud SQL instance. When I got to the step that says

> Now use the Cloud SDK from command line to run the following command. Copy the value shown for connectionName for the next step.

> gcloud sql instances describe [YOUR_INSTANCE_NAME]

> The connectionName value is in the format [PROJECT_NAME]:[REGION_NAME]:[INSTANCE_NAME].

I tried this:

    $ gcloud sql instances describe myproject:myregion:myinstance

which gave an error:

    ERROR: (gcloud.sql.instances.describe) Instance names cannot contain the ':' character. If you meant to indicate the
project for [myinstance], use only 'myinstance' for the argument, and either add
'--project myproject:myregion' to the command line or first run
  $ gcloud config set project myproject:myinstance

When I tried what this message suggests, I got

    $ gcloud config set project myproject:myregion
    Updated property [core/project].
    $ gcloud sql instances describe myinstance
    ERROR: (gcloud.sql.instances.describe) HTTPError 403: The client is not authorized to make this request.
    $ gcloud sql instances describe --project myproject:myinstance myinstance
    ERROR: (gcloud.sql.instances.describe) HTTPError 403: The client is not authorized to make this request.

The problem is that I did not read the instructions closely enough. In the original command, I only need to specify the instance:

    $ gcloud sql instances describe myinstance

Before doing this, I corrected my mistake in setting the project:

    $ gcloud config set project myproject

Now the previous command works!

[1]:https://cloud.google.com/python/django/appengine